2020 Missouri Amendment 2, also called the Medicaid Expansion Initiative, was a ballot measure to amend the Constitution of Missouri to expand Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act. The initiative was on the August 4, 2020, primary ballot and passed with 53.27% of the vote. Following Medicaid expansion initiatives in other states, Republican lawmakers in Nebraska and Utah added work requirements to their states' expansions; supporters aimed to prevent this by proposing state constitutional amendments for future Medicaid expansion initiatives. The measure was supported most in urban areas and opposed in rural areas. After a delay due to a lack of funding from the Missouri General Assembly and resulting litigation, the initiative was slowly implemented in October 2021. Republican lawmakers attempted to roll back the program and add a work requirement through a state constitutional amendment, which failed after the United States Supreme Court prevented its implementation. (Full article...)

Recently featured: Mario Party: The Top 100Value theorySMS Hindenburg
ArchiveBy emailMore featured articlesAbout
Did you know ...
Wycliffe Smith
Wycliffe Smith
... that pastor, poet, teacher, and musician Wycliffe Smith (pictured) has served as lieutenant governor of Saba and prime minister of Sint Maarten?
... that during Operation Security and Order, Mbah Suro's followers fought against Indonesian Army special forces with clubs and headbands?
... that NFL player Henry Monroe retired after one season to enter medical school?
... that workers of Jakarta's Public Facility Maintenance Agency are known as "orange troops"?
... that Luis Aranaz was named an "adopted son" of Sabadell after captaining the city's football club to two Spanish second-division titles in the 1940s?
... that the SWAT unit in Regina recruited their first female officer from the Regina Police Service in May 1991?
... that Namibian activist Werner Mamugwe was banned from entering Bechuanaland Protectorate due to his political activities?
... that North Korea thanked the United States for helping its sailors defeat a group of pirates?
... that "the Psycho" controlled the drug trade in Finglas, Cabra, and Ballymun from the early 1990s until his death in 1996?
ArchiveStart a new articleNominate an article
In the news
Pauline Ferrand-Prévot in 2025
Pauline Ferrand-Prévot
In cycling, Pauline Ferrand-Prévot (pictured) wins the Tour de France Femmes.
An 8.8-magnitude earthquake strikes off the coast of the Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia, triggering tsunami warnings across the Pacific Ocean.
In association football, the UEFA Women's Euro concludes with England defeating Spain in the final.
In cycling, Tadej Pogačar wins the Tour de France.
Ongoing: Gaza warRussian invasion of Ukraine timelineSudanese civil war timeline
Recent deaths: Alejandra OliverasJeannie SeelyHerbert BrandlRyne SandbergEdward O'GradyHorst Mahler
Nominate an article
On this day
August 4

MTS Oceanos in 1986
MTS Oceanos in 1986
1265 – Second Barons' War: Royal troops led by Prince Edward defeated baronial forces under Simon de Montfort at the Battle of Evesham in Worcestershire, England.
1862 – In Brooklyn, a mob composed largely of Irish Americans attacked a group of African Americans in a riot.
1991 – An explosion on the Greek cruise ship MTS Oceanos (pictured) ruptured its hull, causing it to sink off the east coast of South Africa, with all 571 people on board rescued.
2006 – Sri Lankan civil war: Seventeen employees of the French nongovernmental organization ACF International were massacred in Mutur.
2020 – A large explosion of ammonium nitrate stored at the Port of Beirut in Lebanon killed 218 people and caused US$15 billion in damage.
Henry I of France (d. 1060)Samuel J. Tilden (d. 1886)Daniel Dae Kim (b. 1968)Meghan, Duchess of Sussex (b. 1981)
More anniversaries: August 3August 4August 5
ArchiveBy emailList of days of the yearAbout
From today's featured list
Tages with a copy of "Sleep Little Girl"
Tages with a copy of "Sleep Little Girl"
The Swedish pop group Tages released six studio albums and 26 singles in their home country during their existence from 1963 to 1970. Their professional career began during the summer of 1964, when they won a contest awarding them a recording contract with Platina Records, an independent record label. Their debut single, "Sleep Little Girl", was released in October 1964 and became a large hit in Sweden. The band's debut album, Tages, was released in November 1965, reaching the top 10 of the Finnish Albums Charts. The band's fourth and fifth albums, Contrast and Studio (both 1967), were released by Parlophone, whereas their sixth and final album, The Lilac Years (1969), was released through Fontana Records. The Lilac Years and the band's final three singles were released under the name Blond, which was considered more internationally viable by their management. (Full list...)

Recently featured: Works by Wole SoyinkaMid-credits and post-credits scenes in the Marvel Cinematic UniverseAmusement rides on the National Register of Historic Places
ArchiveMore featured lists
Today's featured picture
The Cheat	
The Cheat is a 1923 American silent drama film produced by Famous Players–Lasky and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a remake of Cecil B. DeMille's 1915 film The Cheat, using the same script by Hector Turnbull and Jeanie MacPherson. The remake stars Pola Negri and was directed by George Fitzmaurice, and tells the story of Carmelita De Cordoba, a beautiful young South American woman who has been betrothed by her stern father to Don Pablo, whom she despises, and then meets and falls in love with Dudley Drake, a New York City broker. With no known prints of The Cheat remaining, it is considered a lost film, although there is an extant version in novel form, written in the same year as the film by Russell Holman, a Paramount Pictures employee. This color lithograph poster was produced in 1923 by Paramount to promote The Cheat, and depicts Negri as Carmelita with Charles de Rochefort as Claude Mace, an art swindler masquerading as the East Indian prince Rao-Singh.

Poster credit: Paramount Pictures; restored by Ezarate

Recently featured: Indochinese green magpieLamium purpureumField ration
ArchiveMore featured pictures
Other areas of Wikipedia
Community portal – The central hub for editors, with resources, links, tasks, and announcements.
Village pump – Forum for discussions about Wikipedia itself, including policies and technical issues.
Site news – Sources of news about Wikipedia and the broader Wikimedia movement.
Teahouse – Ask basic questions about using or editing Wikipedia.
Help desk – Ask questions about using or editing Wikipedia.
Reference desk – Ask research questions about encyclopedic topics.
Content portals – A unique way to navigate the encyclopedia.